Add agentic skill usage to code conversion doc (#8734)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/guides/migrating-from-camunda-7/migration-tooling/code-conversion.md

## Leverage AI for code migration

AI can accelerate code migration by applying the [code conversion patterns](#code-conversion-patterns) interactively. This is especially valuable for code that OpenRewrite recipes cannot handle automatically, such as custom superclasses, complex test cases, or configuration files.

There are two equally valid ways to use AI for migration — pick whichever fits your tooling and access:

- **Use the [Camunda migration agent skill](#camunda-migration-agent-skill)** with an agentic AI coding tool such as Claude Code, GitHub Copilot, or Cursor. This is the easiest option if you have access to such a tool: the skill drives the full end-to-end workflow (assessment, OpenRewrite, AI cleanup, validation) interactively.
- **Drive AI yourself with the [example prompts](#set-up-an-ai-agent-for-migration)** below. This works with any AI tool, including standalone chat assistants such as ChatGPT or Claude.ai. Copy the prompts, paste your code, and apply the results manually.

> 

Reviewer: 🤔 For `next` and `8.9` this could be simplified and merged with `### Drive an AI agent yourself`:

```suggestion
You can use AI in three ways:

1. **Standalone**: Give the AI agent your Camunda 7 code and the conversion patterns, and let it produce Camunda 8 equivalents.
2. **Post-OpenRewrite cleanup**: Run OpenRewrite first, then use AI to fix remaining TODOs and compilation errors.
3. **Full agentic migration**: Let an AI agent assess your codebase, run OpenRewrite, and handle all remaining migration tasks.

The fastest path is the [Camunda migration agent skill](#camunda-migration-agent-skill) — it packages all three approaches into an interactive workflow inside your AI coding agent. The rest of this section describes the underlying pattern catalog and prompts the skill uses, which you can also apply manually with any AI coding agent or chat assistant.
```
Then `### Drive an AI agent yourself` can be dropped

Author: nice idea, implemented the change

**Run** from your Camunda 7 project directory:

```
/camunda-migration:migrate-c7-to-c8-code
```

The skill asks for your project path and migration approach, then guides you through:

| Approach                             | What it does                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **OpenRewrite + AI** _(recommended)_ | Runs OpenRewrite recipes for bulk transforms, then AI resolves remaining TODOs, configuration, and test code |
| **AI only**                          | AI migrates everything directly — for non-Maven/Gradle builds or when you want to review every change        |
| **Assessment only**                  | Scans the codebase and reports files, complexity, and effort estimate — no code changes                      |

The skill fetches the latest [pattern catalog](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-7-to-8-migration-tooling/blob/main/code-conversion/patterns/ALL_IN_ONE.md) at runtime, so it always reflects current migration guidance.

### Drive an AI agent yourself

> If you do not have access to an agentic coding tool, or want full control over each step, you can drive any AI tool — including standalone chat assistants — with the prompts below.

Reviewer: 🤔 "If you do not have access to an agentic coding tool" contradicts the section below, which is itself about driving a coding agent (just without the packaged skill).
```suggestion
If you do not take advantage of the Camunda migration agent skill, you can drive any AI tool — including standalone chat assistants — with the prompts below.
```

Author: fixed in a later commit
